hey everyone I'm sorry this video is
late but I've been spending a lot of
time lately working on the working class
for these cookbook which reminds me have
you been signed up for our newsletter
yet please take a second and do so by
clicking the link below why would you
want to sign up for this well in
addition to recipes and crew writing not
featured on the show
or on our blog as well as interesting
food links from around the web starting
this week
the readers of the newsletter will be
able to take part and the working class
foodies cookbook as recipe testers I'll
post a recipe in the newsletter and you
guys can try it out and send me your
feedback for the cookbook oh and one
more quick thing before you get to this
week's show we're gonna be moving to our
own YouTube channel which you can
subscribe to you by clicking the link
right here if you're on the hungry
nations YouTube channel or on the link
below if you're in working class foodies
calm will still be cross posting the
hungry nation for now but subscribe to
our channel so you don't miss an episode
well thank you for it and now for this
week's episode of working class movies
growing up I needed parsley and I'd
always do just about anything to avoid
eating it Middle Eastern and
Mediterranean dishes have always been
some of my favorites I was always
picking around the Savoy which is
basically a big parsley salad refusing
to be beaten by an herb I started making
my own Jubilee and now I love it so much
I make it every week when the
ingredients are in season it's quick its
affordable and it's a healthy vegetarian
side dish which makes it perfect for
picnics trips to the beach to barbecues
so I figured it was time to share my
Jubilee recipe with you
this week on working class foodies
tabbouleh recipes vary from country to
country in the Middle East but they all
contain two key components cracked
bulgur wheat and parsley
tabbouleh salads are seasoned with lemon
juice and olive oil and varying amounts
of mint and it can be beefed up with
tomatoes cucumbers green peppers or
scallions it's become a well-known dish
in America where we generally scoop it
up with pita bread or use it as a
filling of falafel sandwiches but
historically tabbouleh scooped up with
leaves of romaine lettuce and there are
a few different ways to make the bulgur
for the tabbouleh and some versions you
soak the grain and water for hours and
hours and others you simply soak it for
a few minutes and I'm laborious they
squeeze it dry and paper towels my
immersion kind of splits the difference
now the most important thing when you're
making tabbouleh is that your herbs are
fresh and as vibrant as possible either
harvest them directly from your garden
or window box and use them right away or
look for herbs that are bright green
with strong stems the farmers market and
use them within one day of purchase to
make Mike tabbouleh I start by pulling a
cup and a half of boiling water over one
cup of bulgur in a heatproof Bowl cover
the bowl and set it aside for 30 minutes
traditionally tabbouleh is made with
spring onions or scallions well I like
mine with a little fresh garlic as well
and I add half of the white onion left
over from another recipe that I needed
to use up basically you can use any
onion variety you like best or whatever
you have on hand the key is to chop the
vegetables as finely as possible like
between the smoothness of a pesto and
the chunkiness of a salsa you can do it
by hand but if you've got a food
processor it'll save you a ton of time
so while my bulgur was soaking I have a
global garlic and quartered my leftover
onion then I cord and quartered a
medium-sized vine tomato
and put it all into my food processor
I seasoned it liberally with salt and
black pepper
remember your bulgur is on season and I
also like to add a little dash of
crushed red pepper flakes for a mild
kick and pulse until everything is
uniformly chopped
at this point if it's been 30 minutes
check on your bulgur it should have
absorbed most of the water by now and
have an al dente like to slimness if you
like your boat or softer move it to the
fridge and let it soak in there cover it
for another hour if you're like me and
you like to be a little bit chewy let it
sit while you finish prepping yours next
I finly sliced 2 scallions up to the
dark green and then I prepped my parsley
hold a bunch of rinsed and dried parsley
in your hands and run the blade of your
knife down the sentence removing all of
the leaves go all the way around the
parsley we're moving as many of the
leaves as possible you can save the
stems for making a stock roll the
parsley leaves up into a ball and chop
them finely
use quick straight motions with your
knife and don't just hack at the parsley
by hacking at it you'll bruise it and
it'll be wilted and flavorless and your
tabouli
you want about two handfuls or one
heaping cup of chopped parsley then chop
up about half a cup of mint leaves
picking off the stem roll them up and
slice them down once again
don't hack it your herbs
are the scallions the parsley and the
minty or food processor
add a tablespoon of freshly ground cumin
the juice and zest of one lemon and a
drizzle of olive oil about 1 tablespoon
and give it a quick pulse just to
combine everything when the bulgur has
finished soaking to your liking add in
your chopped vegetables and your herbs
and mix it all together tastes and just
the seasoning if necessary and chill the
tabbouleh until you're ready to serve it
now the key to this tabbouleh recipe is
to fold one your parsley has got to be
as fresh as possible and two the cumin
if your part is all faded or wilted the
bully will taste flat and the cumin is a
little touched I like to add to give the
salad a deeper flavor although to
believe traditionally scooped up with
romaine lettuce leaves I like to make it
a vegetarian main dish at barbecues for
serving it on top of a grilled pita
bread or flatbread with some feta cheese
our flatbread episode with Brendan works
great for this just check it out right
now by clicking on this link right here
throw the flatbread dough or a pre baked
pita bread on the grill top with some
feta cheese and skip the tabbouleh on
top add a little squeeze of lemon and
enjoy its tabbouleh pizza this tabbouleh
recipe makes about 8 large side disse
portions cracked bulgur wheat can be
found in bulk bins or in boxes at most
health food stores or middle-eastern
groceries depending on what vegetables
you use and if you use homegrown parsley
or mint the total cost should come down
to between 6 and 8 dollars for about 75
cents to a dollar a person it'll cost a
little bit more with the fayta' cheese
and the flatbread obviously but it's a
healthy and delicious lunch that you can
make quickly and easily and it travels
well
so now it's your turn what I want to
know this week is what's a dish that
you've taught yourself to love let me
know on Twitter or Facebook or in the
comments below and don't forget to sign
up for our newsletter or subscribe to
our new channel right here thanks for
watching and we'll see you next week on
working class foodies check out some of
our other episodes to find recipes that
will go great with this dish but
clicking any of these boxes around my
face